# MuMuCodeBook
Still worried about forgetting your password?

A good memory is better than a good memory《MuMuCodeBook》

Easy record of account password
Security and privacy are not afraid of disclosure
Complicated classification management of account number

This application respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudent obligation. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the whole content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service use agreement. 1. Scope of application (a) When you use this application network service or visit the webpage of this application platform, this application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, visit date and time, software and hardware feature information, and webpage records you need; (b) Personal data of users obtained by this application from business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy: (a) the keyword information you entered when using the search service provided by this application platform; (b) Relevant information and data collected by this application and published by you in this application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details; (c) Violation of laws or rules of this application and measures taken by this application against you. 2. Use of information (a) The application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any irrelevant third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the application (including the application affiliated company) provide services for you separately or jointly, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all these materials, including those that they were able to access before. (b) This application does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information for free. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, once discovered, this application has the right to terminate the service agreement with this user immediately. (c) For the purpose of serving users, this application may provide you with information of interest by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with this application partner so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent). 3. Information Disclosure Under the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or laws: (a) disclose it to a third party with your prior consent; (b) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party; (c) according to the relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions, disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial institutions; (d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party; (e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent, so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes; (f) In a transaction created on the application platform, if either party of the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of disputes. (g) Other disclosures that this application deems appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies. 4. Information storage and exchange The information and materials about you collected by this application will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its affiliated companies, and these information and materials may be transmitted to your country or region or outside the place where the information and materials collected by this application are located and accessed, stored and displayed outside the country. 5. Use of cookies (a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer, so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that depend on cookies. Cookies can provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. (b) You have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use this application network service or function that depends on cookies. (c) This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through cookies created by this application. 6. Information security (a) This application account has security protection function, please keep your username and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered through security measures such as encrypting the user password. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. (b) When using this application network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably change this privacy policy to the counterparty or potential transaction. (a) If you decide to change this privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, our website and the appropriate places we think, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access this information and under what circumstances we will disclose this information. (b) The Company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. In case of major changes to this policy, the company will inform it through the website notice.

